plan.md, before:

- fix bookflight profile (plane logo)                                         [crox] 
- edit previous message                                                       [crox] 


- populate prompt with client data                                            [tick]
- get a prototype version of prompt                                           [tick]
- settings button on form page                                                [tick]
- 3 dots, vertial, right of send button - access to tools modual              [tick]



---




basically make a tools modual as well as one for settings.

---

first off, we have to create a prompt that will understand the intent of our 
extension. 

we should probably talk about the 5 stages to complete a PNR, as well as create
a format for client details that can be sent to the ai, upon which guide mode is turned on. 

---

okay, so guide mode & chat mode. 

we should create prompts for these 2, and depending on the trigger (the form format in user prompt)


---

if form is present: switch to guide mode.

- lock "start booking" with required fields
- allow to send form with "skip to chat" - but notify ai. 

basically, moral of the story, notify ai about what the user clicked as well as the form. 

---

fomrat:

```form
submission_type: (skipped form | filled form),
passengers: [
  "Mr. Arun Kumar",
  "Mrs. Kriti Lata"
],
contact_info: {
  "email": "bookflightfiji@gmail.com",
  "phone": "+679 9274730"
}
travel_details: {
  "origin": "",
  "destination": "",
  "departure": "",
  "arrival": "",
  "trip_type": "",
}
```

version 1.0.8: populate prompt with client data.

--- 

the issue with codeblock is that we're not having the copy button stick to top right. when sliding, it sort of goes into the middle, as seen in the screenshot.then i also do not want a slider visible in the codeblock. 

to fix this we can remove slider from div, and push the copy button either above the sliding div or use some z-index magic. 

but what files to give ai?

Commit message:

[FEATURE]: Modals folder + Settings icon for FormView # v1.1.1 | Focus: Modal architecture & view-specific header icons
-------------------------------- ✦ DETAILS ✦ --------------------------------

## TASKS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Create modals/ folder in components                                 [tick]

2. Create BaseModal.tsx (reusable shell)                               [tick]

3. Move Modal.tsx → SessionModal.tsx (uses BaseModal)                  [tick]

4. Create SettingsModal.tsx (empty dialog, uses BaseModal)             [tick]

5. Update ExtensionLayout imports                                      [tick]

6. Conditional header icon: Settings (form) / Reset (chat)             [tick]

## DESCRIPTION
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Restructure modals into dedicated folder with reusable base component.
FormView shows settings icon, ChatView shows reset icon.

## TECHNICAL NOTES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
- BaseModal handles overlay, animation, sizing via width prop
- SessionModal = existing reset confirmation (renamed)
- SettingsModal = empty placeholder for future settings
- Header icon switches based on currentView state

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

plan.md, after:

- fix bookflight profile (plane logo)                                         [crox] 
- edit previous message                                                       [crox] 


- populate prompt with client data                                            [tick]
- get a prototype version of prompt                                           [tick]
- settings button on form page                                                [tick]
- 3 dots, vertial, right of send button - access to tools modual              [tick]



---




basically make a tools modual as well as one for settings.

---

first off, we have to create a prompt that will understand the intent of our 
extension. 

we should probably talk about the 5 stages to complete a PNR, as well as create
a format for client details that can be sent to the ai, upon which guide mode is turned on. 

---

okay, so guide mode & chat mode. 

we should create prompts for these 2, and depending on the trigger (the form format in user prompt)


---

if form is present: switch to guide mode.

- lock "start booking" with required fields
- allow to send form with "skip to chat" - but notify ai. 

basically, moral of the story, notify ai about what the user clicked as well as the form. 

---

fomrat:

```form
submission_type: (skipped form | filled form),
passengers: [
  "Mr. Arun Kumar",
  "Mrs. Kriti Lata"
],
contact_info: {
  "email": "bookflightfiji@gmail.com",
  "phone": "+679 9274730"
}
travel_details: {
  "origin": "",
  "destination": "",
  "departure": "",
  "arrival": "",
  "trip_type": "",
}
```

version 1.1.0: populate prompt with client data.

--- 

lets talk about which fields need to be "required" for guide mode?

- passengers
- phone
- travel details
